---
layout: default
title: About - Our People
permalink: /About/People/
---

# Driven Software's People
<br>

Our people believe in our mission, philosophy and approach.

The success of our clients and projects is wholly due to the quality of people Driven Software has within its organisation.  Our people are passionate about sharing their experiences so that they can coach, assist those around them and deliver value to our clients.

Our people work hand-in-hand with our client's teams.  They have the desire to teach and willingness to learn with those around them.
We encourage active involvement in new technology research, open source projects and local community involvement.

In addition to these attributes, our people have the requisite knowledge of- and exposure to  Agile principles and techniques.  This is all based on solid technical abilities that encompass  advanced delivery skills within the Microsoft .NET development environment.

Driven Software's founder and Senior Coach, Kevin Trethewey, has more than 12 years experience.  His personal motto and personal philosophy is that of "Staying Empty" - which he believes allows one to be continously open to learning and growing as a professional and as a person.  He has a passion to coach teams towards living this philosophy as well as his colleagues and people within the industry. In his capacity as Senior Coach, he continues to consult to our clients and actively share his knowledge through various avenues including the hosting of various workshops.

The organisation continues to identify opportunities and utilises an extensive network in order to employ highly experienced and technically minded people. As such, its employees enjoy a very flat structure.

We are always interested in meeting fresh and innovative people who are passionate about Agile and mentoring those less experienced than themselves.  Please [contact us](/Pages/ContactUs/ "Contact Driven Software") if you are interested in joining the Driven team.



<div style="width:100px; margin: 10px; padding: 0px;">
</div>